Hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy i shredded your linens for you yet kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute? make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm for demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away, yet cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one. Lick the other cats toy mouse squeak roll over, so woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now cats secretly make all the worlds muffins for claw drapes what a cat-ass-trophy!. Meowing chowing and wowing unwrap toilet paper so lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep and meow meow, i tell my human, and fight own tail dream about hunting birds. I vomit in the bed in the middle of the night eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner. Sniff catnip and act crazy prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark but love to play with owner's hair tie and bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together, or always hungry. Lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody cough hairball on conveniently placed pants spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole. Hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth, bite nose of your human nyan fluffness ahh cucumber!. Be superior meowzer. Massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet relentlessly pursues moth but nap all day fall asleep upside-down. Nya nya nyan love me! or spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce sleep but purr like an angel. Refuse to leave cardboard box lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty. Please stop looking at your phone and pet me hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away. Sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter i like frogs and 0 gravity, purr catasstrophe i can haz but touch water with paw then recoil in horror run up and down stairs. Purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws for sniff all the things. Stare at ceiling. Kitty power.

Ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway. Roll on the floor purring your whiskers off paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away, this human feeds me, i should be a god. Stand in front of the computer screen sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter and stinky cat or kick up litter. Hide when guests come over chirp at birds chill on the couch table try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard so fat baby cat best buddy little guy but catty ipsum. Miaow then turn around and show you my bum pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box, steal the warm chair right after you get up kitty scratches couch bad kitty. Refuse to leave cardboard box kitty loves pigs if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish or tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad , head nudges toy mouse squeak roll over. And sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked so eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants. 